ReadMe.md, before:

# Error Prone .NET

ErrorProne.NET is a set of Roslyn-based analyzers that will help you to write correct code. The idea is similar to Google's [error-prone](https://github.com/google/error-prone) but instead of Java, the analyzers are focusing on correctness (and, maybe, performance) of C# programs.

## Installation

Add the following nuget package to you project: https://www.nuget.org/packages/ErrorProne.NET.CoreAnalyzers/

## Rules

## Rules


### Async Analyzers

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC14](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC14.md) | ConfigureAwait(false) call is redundant |
| [EPC15](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC15.md) | ConfigureAwait(false) must be used |
| [EPC16](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC16.md) | Awaiting a result of a null-conditional expression will cause NullReferenceException |
| [EPC17](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC17.md) | Avoid async-void delegates |
| [EPC18](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC18.md) | A task instance is implicitly converted to a string |
| [EPC20](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC20.md) | Avoid using default ToString implementation |
| [EPC26](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC26.md) | Do not use tasks in using block |
| [EPC27](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC27.md) | Avoid async void methods |
| [EPC31](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC31.md) | Do not return null for Task-like types |
| [EPC32](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC32.md) | TaskCompletionSource should use RunContinuationsAsynchronously |
| [EPC33](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC33.md) | Do not use Thread.Sleep in async methods |
| [EPC35](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC35.md) | Do not block unnecessarily in async methods |

### Generic Bugs and Code Smells

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC19](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC19.md) | Observe and Dispose a 'CancellationTokenRegistration' to avoid memory leaks |
| [EPC28](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC28.md) | Do not use ExcludeFromCodeCoverage on partial classes |
| [EPC29](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC29.md) | ExcludeFromCodeCoverageAttribute should provide a message |
| [EPC30](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC30.md) | Method calls itself recursively |
| [ERP041](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP041.md) | EventSource class should be sealed |
| [ERP042](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP042.md) | EventSource implementation is not correct |

### Concurrency

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [ERP031](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP031.md) | The API is not thread-safe |

### Error Handling Issues

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC11](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC11.md) | Suspicious equality implementation |
| [EPC12](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC12.md) | Suspicious exception handling: only the 'Message' property is observed in the catch block |
| [EPC13](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC13.md) | Suspiciously unobserved result |
| [EPC34](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC34.md) | Method return value marked with MustUseResultAttribute must be used |
| [ERP021](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP021.md) | Incorrect exception propagation |
| [ERP022](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP022.md) | Unobserved exception in a generic exception handler |

### Performance

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC23](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC23.md) | Avoid using Enumerable.Contains on HashSet<T> |
| [EPC24](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC24.md) | A hash table "unfriendly" type is used as the key in a hash table |
| [EPC25](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC25.md) | Avoid using default Equals or HashCode implementation from structs |

Commit message:

Add EPC37: Warn on argument validation in async methods
Introduces analyzer EPC37 to detect argument validation in public async methods, which can cause exceptions to be thrown only when the returned Task is awaited. Adds documentation, analyzer implementation, tests, and diagnostic descriptor for EPC37. Updates ReadMe and analyzer release notes accordingly.

ReadMe.md, after:

# Error Prone .NET

ErrorProne.NET is a set of Roslyn-based analyzers that will help you to write correct code. The idea is similar to Google's [error-prone](https://github.com/google/error-prone) but instead of Java, the analyzers are focusing on correctness (and, maybe, performance) of C# programs.

## Installation

Add the following nuget package to you project: https://www.nuget.org/packages/ErrorProne.NET.CoreAnalyzers/

## Rules

## Rules


### Async Analyzers

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC14](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC14.md) | ConfigureAwait(false) call is redundant |
| [EPC15](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC15.md) | ConfigureAwait(false) must be used |
| [EPC16](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC16.md) | Awaiting a result of a null-conditional expression will cause NullReferenceException |
| [EPC17](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC17.md) | Avoid async-void delegates |
| [EPC18](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC18.md) | A task instance is implicitly converted to a string |
| [EPC26](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC26.md) | Do not use tasks in using block |
| [EPC27](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC27.md) | Avoid async void methods |
| [EPC31](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC31.md) | Do not return null for Task-like types |
| [EPC32](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC32.md) | TaskCompletionSource should use RunContinuationsAsynchronously |
| [EPC33](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC33.md) | Do not use Thread.Sleep in async methods |
| [EPC35](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC35.md) | Do not block unnecessarily in async methods |
| [EPC36](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC36.md) | Do not use async delegates with Task.Factory.StartNew and TaskCreationOptions.LongRunning |
| [EPC37](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC37.md) | Do not validate arguments in async methods |

### Generic Bugs and Code Smells

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC19](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC19.md) | Observe and Dispose a 'CancellationTokenRegistration' to avoid memory leaks |
| [EPC20](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC20.md) | Avoid using default ToString implementation |
| [EPC28](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC28.md) | Do not use ExcludeFromCodeCoverage on partial classes |
| [EPC29](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC29.md) | ExcludeFromCodeCoverageAttribute should provide a message |
| [EPC30](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC30.md) | Method calls itself recursively |
| [ERP041](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP041.md) | EventSource class should be sealed |
| [ERP042](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP042.md) | EventSource implementation is not correct |

### Concurrency

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [ERP031](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP031.md) | The API is not thread-safe |

### Error Handling Issues

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC11](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC11.md) | Suspicious equality implementation |
| [EPC12](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC12.md) | Suspicious exception handling: only the 'Message' property is observed in the catch block |
| [EPC13](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC13.md) | Suspiciously unobserved result |
| [EPC34](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC34.md) | Method return value marked with MustUseResultAttribute must be used |
| [ERP021](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP021.md) | Incorrect exception propagation |
| [ERP022](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/ERP022.md) | Unobserved exception in a generic exception handler |

### Performance

| Id | Description |
|---|---|
| [EPC23](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC23.md) | Avoid using Enumerable.Contains on HashSet<T> |
| [EPC24](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC24.md) | A hash table "unfriendly" type is used as the key in a hash table |
| [EPC25](https://github.com/SergeyTeplyakov/ErrorProne.NET/tree/master/docs/Rules/EPC25.md) | Avoid using default Equals or HashCode implementation from structs |
